docs/http-module.md, before:

# Router Module

## Automatically Block HTTP Requests
This module allows for blocking automatically during all HTTP requests made with the `HttpClient`

### Setup
The core `BlockUIModule` should first be imported within the app. Once added, a seperate module called `BlockUIHttpModule` should then be imported to allow for HTTP blocking.

```ts
import { HttpClientModule } from '@angular/common/http';
import { BlockUIModule } from 'ng-block-ui';
import { BlockUIHttpModule } from 'ng-block-ui/http';

@NgModule({
  imports: [
    HttpClientModule, // Import Http Client
    BlockUIModule.forRoot(), // Import BlockUIModule
    BlockUIHttpModule.forRoot(), // Import Block UI Http Module
  ],
  ...
})
export class AppModule {}
```

### Setting: `requestFilters`
Accepts an array of requests to be filtered out from from being blocked.

**Types**
```
requestFilters: (RegExp | { method: string, url: RegExp } | Function)[]
```

_Note: If using RegExp with AOT compiling, please see this [Stack Overflow Post](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/48751006/ng-build-gives-an-error-because-of-regexp)._

#### Type: `RegExp`
Filter requests by URL

Below will filter out blocking for any requests containing `api.github.com/users/` in the URL.

```ts
@NgModule({
  imports: [
    ...
    BlockUIHttpModule.forRoot({
      requestFilters: [/api.github.com\/users\//]
    }),
  ],
  ...
})
export class AppModule {}
```

#### Type: `{ method: string, url: RegExp }`
Filter requests by http method and URL

Below will filter out blocking for any requests with a `POST` method and a URL containing `api.github.com/users/`

```ts
@NgModule({
  imports: [
    ...
    BlockUIHttpModule.forRoot({
      requestFilters: [{
        method: 'POST',
        url: /api.github.com\/users\//
      }]
    }),
  ],
  ...
})
export class AppModule {}
```

#### Type: `Function`
Filter requests by passing a function. The function will be passed the current request and if `true` is returned the request will not be blocked.

Below will filter out all requests with a query paramater of `foo=bar`.

```ts
function filterFooBar(req HttpRequest<any>): boolean {
  return req.params.get('foo') === 'bar';
}

@NgModule({
  imports: [
    ...
    BlockUIHttpModule.forRoot({
      requestFilters: [filterFooBar]
    }),
  ],
  ...
})
export class AppModule {}
```

Commit message:

feat(interceptor): Add a new settings option "blockAllRequestsInProgress" to keep blockUI until all requests are resolved, instead of unblocking as soon as the first request is resolved.
In case of parallel/concurrent requests (ie. Observable.forkJoin), the first response will deactivate the blockUI while there are still pending http requests. If option "blockAllRequestsInProgress" is set to true, all pending requests need to be resolved before unblocking UI.

Option is set to false (optional, false by default) for backward compatibility.

Fix : blockUI should be stopped only if processed request is also of "shouldBlock" kind.

docs/http-module.md, after:

# Router Module

## Automatically Block HTTP Requests
This module allows for blocking automatically during all HTTP requests made with the `HttpClient`

### Setup
The core `BlockUIModule` should first be imported within the app. Once added, a seperate module called `BlockUIHttpModule` should then be imported to allow for HTTP blocking.

```ts
import { HttpClientModule } from '@angular/common/http';
import { BlockUIModule } from 'ng-block-ui';
import { BlockUIHttpModule } from 'ng-block-ui/http';

@NgModule({
  imports: [
    HttpClientModule, // Import Http Client
    BlockUIModule.forRoot(), // Import BlockUIModule
    BlockUIHttpModule.forRoot(), // Import Block UI Http Module
  ],
  ...
})
export class AppModule {}
```

### Setting: `requestFilters`
Accepts an array of requests to be filtered out from from being blocked.

**Types**
```
requestFilters: (RegExp | { method: string, url: RegExp } | Function)[]
```

### Setting: `blockAllRequestsInProgress`
Accepts a boolean. If set to `true`, it deactivates the BlockUI only once the last httpRequest has been processed in case of parallel requests.

Defaulted to `false`.

**Types**
```
blockAllRequestsInProgress: boolean
```

_Note: If using RegExp with AOT compiling, please see this [Stack Overflow Post](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/48751006/ng-build-gives-an-error-because-of-regexp)._

#### Type: `RegExp`
Filter requests by URL

Below will filter out blocking for any requests containing `api.github.com/users/` in the URL.

```ts
@NgModule({
  imports: [
    ...
    BlockUIHttpModule.forRoot({
      requestFilters: [/api.github.com\/users\//]
    }),
  ],
  ...
})
export class AppModule {}
```

#### Type: `{ method: string, url: RegExp }`
Filter requests by http method and URL

Below will filter out blocking for any requests with a `POST` method and a URL containing `api.github.com/users/`

```ts
@NgModule({
  imports: [
    ...
    BlockUIHttpModule.forRoot({
      requestFilters: [{
        method: 'POST',
        url: /api.github.com\/users\//
      }]
    }),
  ],
  ...
})
export class AppModule {}
```

#### Type: `Function`
Filter requests by passing a function. The function will be passed the current request and if `true` is returned the request will not be blocked.

Below will filter out all requests with a query paramater of `foo=bar`.

```ts
function filterFooBar(req HttpRequest<any>): boolean {
  return req.params.get('foo') === 'bar';
}

@NgModule({
  imports: [
    ...
    BlockUIHttpModule.forRoot({
      requestFilters: [filterFooBar]
    }),
  ],
  ...
})
export class AppModule {}
```
